Added warning to README.md (#11)
quarkiverse/quarkus-openapi-generator: README.md

</dependency>
```

You will also need to add or update the `quarkus-maven-plugin` configuration with the following:

---
**⚠️**

> If you created your application with the [Quarkus Starter](https://code.quarkus.io/), you probably already have this configuration. Pay attention to not duplicate it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You probably already have this configuration if you created your application with the [Quarkus Starter](https://code.quarkus.io/). That said, double-check your configuration not to add another `plugin` entry.
```
